Add the ability to load mappings from multiple files (#12)
neoforged/AutoRenamingTool: README.md

- `--output <path>` - Path to the output JAR file; if not present, then the input JAR file is _overwritten_ with the
  output
- `--map <path>`/`--names <path>` - Path to the mappings file, which may be of any format supported
  by [SrgUtils][srgutils]. Can be specified multiple times. If more than one mappings file is specified, the rest will

>   be merged with the first one sequentially, discarding any entries already present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  be merged with the first one sequentially, only using the first entry for any duplicates across all files.
```
